[docs] Add a recipe for autosizing columns after fetching row-data (#10822)
mui/mui-x: docs/data/data-grid/column-dimensions/column-dimensions.md

DOM access is required to accurately calculate dimensions, so unmounted cells (when [virtualization](/x/react-data-grid/virtualization/) is on) cannot be sized. If you need a bigger row sample, [open an issue](https://github.com/mui/mui-x/issues) to discuss it further.
:::

> ## Autosizing asynchronously [<span class="plan-pro"></span>](/x/introduction/licensing/#pro-plan 'Pro plan')

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Autosizing asynchronously [<span class="plan-pro"></span>](/x/introduction/licensing/#pro-plan 'Pro plan')
```

To keep it under "Autosizing" section

> The `autosizeColumns` method from the `apiRef` can be used as well to adjust the column size on specified events, for example when receiving row-data from an endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `autosizeColumns` method from the `apiRef` can be used as well to adjust the column size on specified events, for example when receiving row data from the server.
```
